---
title: New Job
date: 2012/11/13
layout: post
---

notes
- new job
- no longer freelancing
- UCP programme, research etc that i'll be doing
- how this will effect the blog

Previously I spoke so much about how I was going to take my writing seriously, write frequently and begin to develop a presence on the web. When you compare the dates between this post and my last, you'll see its been more than just a while, and although this is down to a variety of distractions leading me to neglect this blog, there has been a dramatic change in my life that effects this blog and my work. This being I've just got a job.

- Venn Creative
- Design agency dealing with web design, branding and print.
- taken on as their developer
- building websites, exploring new work, working as a team
- more perks with my employment being part of a UCP (Unlocking Cornish Potential) programme.
- The program comes with many benefits but most exciting are the projects that I will be managing over the next year of my employment.

Remember I said that I had ideas? Well the projects that I will be undertaking as part of the UCP Program are very much the same as the ideas I was going to be blah blah blah….

I'll be researching into and developing a variety of frameworks and workflows to help streamline our workflow as a team and further develop our services.

- talk about research how this will be documented on this blog
- any discoveries, tips, tricks etc (don't use those phrases)
- basically say how what i will be doing will help/interest the reader

I don't want to give too much away right now, 


